<strong style="font-size:16pt;">AFS Summerside Subgroup</strong>
<h1> Subgroup Executive Meeting</h1>

<table>
        <tr>
            <td colspan=2 align="center">Meeting Information</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>When</td>
            <td>29 September 2023 7:00PM</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Where</td>
            <td>Discord: Executive Voice/Video</td>
        </tr>
</table>

### Executive Members

- Justin Murphy - Present
- Carl Morgan - Present
- William Griffin - Absent
- Jeff White - Absent
- Logan Ellis - Present

---

### Minutes

- Call to order
  - Meeting Called to order at 7:05
- Approval of agenda
  - Moved by Justin, Seconded by Carl
  - Agenda was adopted
- Assign Roles of the executive
  - Vice President - Carl Morgan
  - Treasurer - Logan Ellis
  - Secretary - Unassigned, will rotate through the executive for now
- Choose a date for ratification session
  - We were given dates of October 16th and 17th to choose from
  - Logan point out that because the 16th is monday, perhaps the 17th would be better as it is less likely someone will be on their compressed day
  - The executive discussed possible ways to communicate this sessions with the members, the only way we could see to proceed was use the last email sent in the group email as a base list and try to collect more as the official PIPSC communication channels would take too long and likely not reach the members in time
  - **ACTION ITEM: Justin to book boardroom and communicate with Chris Roach** 
- Discord as a communication tool
  - The executive came to a consensus that Discord would be a good form of communication provided we could still easily reach people not on Discord
    - Through discussion, we decided that using a Discord to Auto-Post/Email updates that are posted to specific channels would be a good solution auto-post candidates are
      - Facebook
      - X (Twitter)
      - Threads
      - Email
  - The executive decided that before opening the Discord to the entire membership, we will try a closed Beta Test with just the Stewards
    - **ACTION ITEM: Justin to reach out to stewards about a Discord Beta Test**
- Logo Ideas
  - As the executive has decided to have a social media presence, we will need some logos and Social Media banners to go along with it
    - **ACTION ITEM: Everyone to thing about possible logo and banner ideas**
- Communication with members
  - After much discussion, we realize this will be a tough challenege for us to overcome as we have to approved way to contact every member and get their contact information.
    - **ACTION ITEM: Everyone to tell people to send their contact information to afs-summerside@pipsc.ca**
- Consultation
  - It was noted that in the recent past, there has not been as much consultation with management as we would like to see moving forward. The executive agreed that bring up UMC with management should be a priority with us so we can start the communication flowing again.
  - Justin mentioned he was supposed to have a meeting with management today, however both he and the Director in question were busy with the same urgent issue, and the meeting had to be postponed.

### Action Items Check-in