<div class='agenda-header'>

AFS Summerside Subgroup
# Subgroup Executive Meeting

</div>

<div class='agenda-meet-info'>

## Meeting Information

|       |                                    |
|-------|------------------------------------|
| **When**  | 26 October 2023 7:30PM         |
| **Where** | Discord: Executive Voice/Video |

</div>

<div class='agenda-executive'>

## Executive Members

| **Name**        | **Position**    |
|-----------------|-----------------|
| Justin Murphy   | President       |
| Carl Morgan     | Vice President  |
| Logan Ellis     | Treasurer       |
| William Griffin | Member At Large |
| Jeff White      | Member At Large |
</div>

<div class='agenda-body'>

## Agenda

- Call to order
- Approval of agenda
- Review of [previous minutes](https://github.com/AFS-Summerside/meetingDocuments/blob/main/Meeting/2023-09-29_minutes.md)
- Review of [previous action items](#previous-action-items)
- New Business
  - Getting a domain name and cheap hosting
  - Review of bylaws
  - Activity for November or December
- Standing Items
  - Discord as a communication tool
  - Logo Ideas
  - Communication with members
  - Consultation
  
</div>
<div class='agenda-actions'>

### Previous Action Items
| **Assignee** |**Task**                                                           |**Status**           |
|--------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|
| Justin       | Book a boardroom and discuss date time with Chris Roach           |                     |
| Justin       | Make Threads account using subgroup email address                 |                     |
| Justin       | Reach out to stewards regarding Discord beta                      |                     |
| Everyone     | Think of logo/banner ideas for social platforms                   |                     |
| Everyone     | Contact members to email the subgroup on a personal email account |                     |

</div>
